## Per DOF, or per Menial/Medulla pair ##
  * 2 - Absolute optical encoder, Renishaw 32 bit, BISS-C interface
    * motor transmission output
    * Leg angle (other side of spring)
    * One exception: The hip actuators have Renishaw RMB30 13-bit magnetic encoders at the motor shaft, and at the hip joint, and no spring in the middle.  However, they use SSI, which I think is very similar to BISS-C.  Ther is no incremental encoder on the hip motor actuators, but of course it's ok to leave that input unconnected on the Menial.
  * 1 - Incremental encoder for motor orientation (directly on the motor, hi-res version of the motor output angle)
    * US Digital, X counts per revolution (written on white board - 3720?)
    * Should go to the amplifier for commutation as well as to the control computer (need a signal splitter or repeated on Menial board)
  * 4 Limit switches:
    * 2 - Spring deflection limits
    * 2 - Position limits
  * 3 - Thermistors, one for each winding in the motor, analog voltage output
  * amplifier status information (not relevant for simulation) http://www.a-m-c.com/download/datasheet/dpcante-060b080.pdf
    * current monitor
    * error status
    * tc; everything the amplifier communicates.  Maybe via a serial connection, even though the amplifier commands come via PWM and direction.


## Shared ##

  * **1 - Knee limit?**
  * Toe switch

## in summary, each Menial needs the following inputs: ##
  * 3 BISS-C/SSI inputs (assuming the electronic hardware is identical.  Also, include links to the sensor specs here.  We only need 3 here for the boom board, they're extras for the rest of the robot)
  * 1 incremental encoder input, which also doubles the signal and passes it on to the amp (having an extra might be nice, just in case)
  * 6 limit switches at least
  * 3 thermistors at least
  * some analog inputs for toe pressure measurements (like a strain gage)
  * complete interface to the amplifier
  * 

[Link to Menial page](Menial.md) for maximum allowable dimensions of board.

# Itemized list of sensors on robot, and their locations #
This list is to validate the above lists. This list is generated by looking at the solid model and counting all sensors.
## Hip ##
##### Right Leg #####
  * 2 RMB30 13-bit SSI, for motor computation and hip position angle
  * 2 limit switches
##### Left Leg #####
  * (same as right leg)
## Leg ##
(x+y -> x for Motor DoF A, y for Motor DoF B)
  * 1+1 incremental for motor computations
  * 2+2 Renishaw 32-bit
  * 2+2 spring output position limit switch
  * 2 DoF collision detection limit switch
  * 1 Toe, ground contact limit switch. Which we will want to exchange for the analog inputs for toe pressure measurements listed above.